The Joe good experience. I got to go there more. Yeah.
I was starting to come there. And where, in fact,
you were nice enough to bring me up. Oh yeah.
I meant to come there more disease. A lot of people in the back of that store.
I got stories. I mean stories. Now people pay both there.
Do you kind of sin? I got Kennison his first spot at the store.
You got him his first spot. Yeah. Like I told Mitzi, Tommy went on stage. Yeah.
I met him in business. Uh. Long tie, 80, 80.
I didn't have a gig. 83, 84.
That's crazy. Because 86 he was famous. Yeah.
What happened was this? So he'd already been teed up for Mitzi to watch,
but I had set up the, I told her to watch him.
I met him in Houston and he was kicked out of the comedy workshop in Houston
because of the would say on stage, because he had been running his, you know,
tent show of faith healing with his brother bill. And, uh,
they would, they told me some real up stories about they would do.
It was a bit charlatan and a bit trying to help people,
but also talking about Jesus quite a bit. And,
um, he, he was cynical about it,
but also very confused, very conflicted about it, about what, what is it?
Because is dying on, on the ground.
Supposedly he looked up at the sky and was talking to God.
That's what bill tells us when I met him. Carla Bo says.
Carla bolt was there. Carl was there. Yeah. Carl was there when it, yeah.
That's a whole complicated, uh, non, uh,
non-story right now because it's a heavy starch. It's very heavy. Yeah.
Their story is really very good. I was around. Yeah. I was around for all of it.
I was there in the building for those six, seven years. So what happened was,
um, I met him. You would have had the same response. He goes,
they won't let me work here. I met him at the comedy workshop,
meet me at one in the afternoon. He shows me, he posted,
he shows me this,
a telephone pole and he had put a picture of himself on it and he
kept putting up. They kept taking down.
He was in the Houston Chronicle on the front page of the arts and entertainment.
And he dressed himself because they banned him from the club and a diaper,
um,
and a crown of thorns and blood coming from the crown of thorns down his face
with his eyes rolled back in his head and said that he had been persecuted just
like Jesus from playing the comedy works.
But it's pretty.
Heavy, you know?
And he had made it quite a name for himself and had a following there.
And when I don't know what to do, man, I want to come out to LA.
And I went well, I'll, I'll help you out.
Um, and I was playing the laugh stop in Houston.
Right? Never Oaks. Yeah. I used to work that place. I liked it. I did, uh,
get him Howard.
Um, um, who was the owner? Um, out, uh,
oh, I'm trying to remember. Anyway, this is our first dead air. Great. Yeah,
I'm trying to remember what happened.
What happened was Sam, I sat next to Mitzi in her booth.
He got on stage and he did the whole bit before he had done the young comedian
show that I was on with that Rodney did Rodney's first young comedian show.
And it was the whole thing about, you know, the, the kid in the,
whenever they do those world vision commercials with a starving kid in his
famous, the most famous, one of the most famous things that any comedians done,
which was just a truism,
which is the cameraman can give them a sandwich and starving kid.
Get out of the desert,
go to the word of the food is that's a bit that I use in a conversation with a
guy. It was a weird conversation. There was a guy who wrote a book on comedy.
He was teaching a comedy course at a university and he was sitting here talking
to me. And he said that the best comedy always punches up,
I think is there,
there was a time when people really believe that nonsense like that there was a
formula to comedy and that comedy should always attack the large power
structures and that the small people should be, you know,
elevated by communists. So he's sitting here telling me this. I go,
that's nonsense. I go,
one of the greatest bits of all time is literally about starving children. Yeah.
There's no listening to Carlin no further down that you could punch.
One of his other great bits was about dead people getting in the.
You remember that the bit about homosexual negrophiliacs who would pay money to
be with the freshest male corpse.
Those are two bits where you're punching down as low as you can.
Someone's dad died and there's this guy's, um, it doesn't,
it doesn't get any there's no further. We can punch down. I use upstage.
In the main room and he was doing a bit where, uh, he says,
this is what happened in my marriage. And he would unplug the mic is my Dick.
You know, without even he did not need a mic to prove the point,
but he would lay on the, on the ground with his girth.
And he would pretend that he was having sex with his wife from behind.
And he goes, this is what happened to my marriage. And she, as he says,
I'm trying to her. And he's like, she's like, we got to fix the fence.
And he goes, shut the up. I'm tried this.
And it needs a new coat of paint.
Can't do you know? You can't do that now? Really? I mean, you could,
if you were Sam.
He could do it again. He couldn't do is alive. Now he could do it. First of all,
he was uniquely.
He was.
Uniquely qualified for that kind of comedy because you,
he was short and he was fat and he was going bald and wore a bra.
And the long coat.
And he was hanging out with all the rock and roll and porn people. Yeah.
Well the coat.
He came on stage, like he was a child molester or something. Yeah. I mean,
that was, look at that. Look at that picture. That's him and bill Hicks. Uh,
I loved, wow. That's crazy. Picture bill was.
The sweetest, most timid guy it's below.
His nails done there. So he's got nail Polish on that's going on with tips. Oh,
it's the shadows. But that was Sam was a sweetie then.
So when you see him then, I mean, when you go on stage he's,
that was part of why it worked. You know, it wasn't like, you know,
if he was John Malaney and he had that act, you know,
handsome and slim that you.
Know, now that to pull off, right.
You had to be, you had to look like you got over. He looked like he got over.
And he.
Did. He did. And he did. And he was doing faith healing shows.
And they told me a story where he had been,
I wasn't going to tell it, but it's weird. So they're healing people.
So this they're in some godforsaken place. I don't know where,
and he goes, come up here and we're going to, we're going to heal you. And like,
uh, a seven foot tall guy with drawstring pants and a t-shirt.
He was said, he was like, Lenny from mice and men, there was,
he was mentally impaired.
He said he was going to come up and he was going to do the whole thing with them
and get out the spirit and all that. And as he's guys coming up,
he's runs up to the stage. And he so tall,
he hits his head on a beam and he splits his head open,
but he doesn't fall down. Bill.
His brother will tell you the story and the guy's pants fell down.
And he had the biggest Dick in the world.
And so his head is gushing blood and his Dick is swinging. Right.
And he's going, oh, young Frankenstein, um,
Peter Boyle and it's horrifically upsetting.
And the way I it's been told to me,
I don't know if these stories whispered down the lane is that they went back to
the same place after a while the guy came back and he had some other
mishap. I don't want to say he hit his head again, but he fell.
He was the same guy. Just try to have a redo to get healed.
I mean, I don't know. What's more embarrassing. Well,
if your head gets split up and, but the whole room can see, you've got a giant.
Maybe it's a blessing and a curse. I don't know. There's.
Probably a few gals that hit them up after that.
But drawstring pants means it's not a whole lot of cleanliness down on the junk.
Well, you could wash them up.
If you're a girl we're looking for a big Dick. I'm like, there it is.
Or a guy looking for a big pig or maybe a guy you can trick in a you. Yeah.
That would be the move.
Or you can play like you do with a bat in baseball.
What happens to that? I guess the first.
The top it's that? It's that?
I think that sounded good. I can't do I can't and I can't roll my R's either.
But then the answer to Kennison how quick he popped was after that set,
like a week later, Rodney came in to see him and I'd known Rodney.
Rodney liked me. I like you, man. I met him at the, in LA Jolla.
He came up to me. You're funny, man. You're ju you're never going to be happy.
You got a fast mind. You're all up, man. You're never going to be happy.
And he was trying to clean up at LaCosta and he comes in, he goes,
I got can't do it, man. No booze, no Coke, no pot, no pills. I can't.
Do it. And he's with two women. And, uh, and we.
And I hung out with them all weekend. He stayed at the,
he kept coming to the condo and hung out with me and Kennison he saw Sam
and I love this guy. So I do the young comedian special on HBO.
I had a great set right before Sam,
I had a 15 minutes at Sam had a 15 minute set.
I was in it for three and a half minutes.
Sam was in it for 15 minutes because it was a,
it was a monumental. It was. And then a year later he was in back to school.
Yeah. So that's why it was a three-year deal with him. That's crazy.
And he was a sweetheart. When.
I was 19,
I worked as a security guard at great woods center for the performing arts in
Mansfield, Massachusetts, and Rodney was there and he was backstage.
And I was like, I didn't get a chance to meet him. But I was backstage.
It was like a hallway. It's hard to know if this is a real memory.
Cause when you're 19, your brain is mush. And it was so long ago.
And I got hit in the head a lot, but there,
I remember they were talking about how he didn't have any pants on.
He had a, a bathrobe. Yeah, balls out.
I remember him pacing back and forth and uh,
looking down the hallway. I know I definitely saw him at least once.
And I definitely saw him on stage with a bathrobe on,
but I remember looking down the hallway, seen this guy.
I'm like how crazy he doesn't have any pants on and he's going to go on stage
like this is, and then him up there just didn't give a. I mean, didn't give,
had no to give. He was a movie star.
Is he coming at 58? By the way, it was caddy shack. That's how long it took.
And apparently smoked a load of pot backstage.
And when I was to show my wife and just, just murdered it,
I mean one punchline after another punchline and people don't know the story
about him, quit doing comedy for years and became an aluminum siding.
He was born. Jacob Cohen changed it to Jack, Roy,
and then a club owner called him Rodney Dangerfield. That's how he was named by.
Wow. What club? I don't know. I don't know.
But he had a rough go. It is rough ago.
He had the no respect thing was if you're going to pick a brand catchphrase,
it wasn't a catch phrase. It was his mantra. Yeah.
Yeah. Well that, that, that made him, you know, I got no respect.
I'll tell you no respect at all. I have started doing that. He would.
Have loved you like loved you because of the.
He always said, and I've said this before,
so I'm sorry if anybody has heard me say this,
but he always said the key man is you just go like a tank, like a tank.
Cause nobody wants you to make it. Everybody's trying to stop you.
You just go like a tank, them all. Just go like a tank. Cause he had come up.
It took him so long to get anywhere and he would go on tonight show. And there,
if you look at any of these clips that they're running all over the internet,
it's killer and Carson's hitting the desk and it's just
it's real special.
Well, he was a special guy and the store was special too because it showed that,
you know, he was trying to make it and it fell apart. And then he took a long,
did he take like 10 years off?
It was aluminum siding was there.
Many years. And then he came back and became the biggest movie.
Star. But he couldn't, it,
it took him to 58 and they put them in Caddyshack and a lot of the jokes were
his and then a lot of them, I mean, it was, you know, Harold Ramis and stuff.
So it was.
Genius movie and those movies were so good.
Murray in that Chevy was great. And everybody's great in.
That. He's in the classroom and kinnisons teaching them.
Yeah. Oh yeah.
[Inaudible] played a off tilt. Vietnam vet who was screaming.
He just wrote him into it too. That's a great movie. Back to school,
a great movie.
And easy money was really great. Yeah.
Oh, he had some classics man. Caddy shack. He had some classics. He was awesome.
I officiated his funeral.
Oh man.
It was pretty, pretty intense. Uh, to put him away.
I was with him in the, uh, emergency and the, uh, sorry, I got a little, uh,
in the, uh, uh, intensive care. He was in a coma.
So I'd go in.
Until he passed 84. That's amazing.
He did all that Coke and he made it to 84. He.
Stopped doing Coke. He just liked pot, but he did a lot of Coke.
Why did he stop? I think about 10 years before he died, still amazing.
74 Years old doing Coke going. I've got another 10 years. I'll tell you what.
Hm I can't how do you stop? No booze, no Coke, no pot. No pills. Yeah.
Okay.